[Music]
hello I'm Jimmy Kimmel I am the host of
this house and the reason I look like my
little pony bunny or something is that
today in case you aren't aware was
supposed to be take your kid to work day
which kind of every day for a lot of us
now there originally you know planning
to rename it this year take your kids to
the breakfast nook for a zoom meeting
with no pants on day but they decided to
leave it alone so to bring my daughter
to work my daughter Jane did my makeup
tonight you gonna do it I shall
[Music]
oh my gosh haha here's the luthiers on
when you're done okay do I look
beautiful you look like a girl what do
you think erm oh do I look like a girl a
little bit yeah you look beautiful thank
you very much Thank You Gera and thank
you Jane who knew my color palette was
Jolly Rancher tonight was also round one
of the NFL Draft you know it was
supposed to be a big live event in Vegas
but because of the virus they did a
virtual draft with the players and the
teams making picks from home like a
fantasy draft the most interesting part
was watching a bunch of 75 year old
billionaire team owners trying to figure
out how to boot up their laptops but it
was nice to have some kind of current
sports programming to watch people don't
know what to do with themselves right
now but it's important if you can to
find small ways to maintain your normal
routine like this gentleman from New
York did at a parking lot what I'm not
putting a window down I got here first
this is my parking spot I'm not moving
alone it's not my problem that you went
around I beat you to it I took the
shortcut this is my spot and I'm not
moving my coffee goodbye nobody do I
miss the days when I argued with someone
over a parking spot I miss the good old
days I like that a lot sometimes you
just have the scream use-it-or-lose-it
is the thing
speaking of screaming New Yorkers
President Trump is on quite a roll
contradicting his own infectious disease
experts almost every day on his daily
televised temper tantrum here's how it
goes the president says this I
understand that the United States will
certainly be more
in the fall but how can you say that you
know it won't come back in the same
level that it has today what it is
estimated might not come back at all
Jeff it may not come back at all and
then later in that same press briefing
doctor Falchi says this we will have
coronavirus in the fall I am convinced
of that okay now I don't know who to
trust
here's the thing folks our president is
a contradicted Trump also trotted out
the director of the CDC dr. Robert
Redfield who told The Washington Post we
may have an even more devastating round
of the virus coming that warning did not
go over well with the president who
immediately tweeted that the doctor was
misquoted and then marched him up to the
podium to try to get him to say I was
misquoted you were accurately quoted
Brett I'm accurately quoted in the
Washington Post as difficult the CDC
director warns second wave of
coronavirus is likely to be even more
devastating so that went well
these poor doctors working for trouble
if they don't give us the truth they're
not doing their jobs but if they do tell
the truth there's a good chance he'll
fire them so their only option is to
play dumb and the hope trump gets
distracted by a fillet of fish or
something and this guy dr. Redfield
had he not tried to accommodate Trump he
would have been forced to go back to his
original job as an Amish stock photo
model see this is what happens if you
don't play loose with the facts we
learned yesterday that team Trump
demoted the doctor in charge of finding
a vaccine for the virus dr. Rick bright
was involuntarily transferred from his
post because he raised orange flags
about the president's claim that an
untested drug hydroxychloroquine could
help treat the virus early testing seems
to indicate that it does not help
dr. bright spoke up about this in
meetings and now he is gone I'm not sure
what's more depressing that our
president demoted a doctor who's trying
to prevent Americans from trying and
ineffective drug that could kill us
or that were not even remotely surprised
that he did but the president only wants
the best people and this headline I
think does a good job of summing it all
up
former Labradoodle breeder was tapped to
lead us pandemic task force it's real
they hired a guy who bred labradoodles
to lead the team how does that happen
did they go through his resume and they
see the word lab and then said well he's
obviously qualified Harrison has no
formal education in public health
management or medicine so Trump was like
perfect how soon can you start oh well
maybe we at the least we can get him to
Train Mike Pence to stop humping the
president's leg am I still wearing the
makeup yeah okay tomorrow the state of
Georgia will reopen for business
Jim's fitness centers bowling alleys
hair salons beauty salons massage
therapists cosmetology schools tattoo
parlors and body piercing studios will
be allowed to open their doors to
customers and I think that's great that
is just what we need right now I don't
know about you but I haven't had my
penis pierced in weeks the governor of
Georgia Brian Kemp is going ahead with
this plan why no one seems to know even
their crazy next-door neighbor Florida
has an open for business yet it's nuts
we're cracking under pressure according
to the Associated Press a lot of parents
have now reached the breaking point when
it comes to homeschooling their kids and
some are just given up on it and that's
a shame so I think maybe we should
change court maybe we should revert to a
little house on the prairie style
education none of our kids need
fractions right now I say it's time to
teach them to churn butter you know if
you search the word homeschool on
Twitter you can get a sense of what's
going on here are some tweets
homeschooling is just standing behind
your kid checking their math on your
phone calculator another if I died
tomorrow my fourth graders last memory
would be of me yelling at her about the
st. Louis Arch and this one gets right
to the point there is a hell it's called
homeschooling I get it it's hard to go
to school again but don't give up hope
moms and dads because our pal Guillermo
has a new service providing homework
assistance for those who need it to run
and get your workbooks because it's time
for a homework corner with Guillermo
[Music]
hello and welcome to homework corner
with Guillermo today's problem East
Seoul for a 3 times 8 equals 20 so I
will be that would be 3 times 3 times a
weight 3 times 3 times 618 and then we
forget about how that can be 80
[Laughter]
[Music]
well done Guillermo I give you a b-plus